# Pubg-Anti_Ban-Mod-0.19.0-
Hello UC, so today i am sharing the source apk (decompiled one) but only for android. DONOT USE IN EMULATOR OR IT NOT WORK  If you have rooted phone then no need to anything just follow steps and play but nonroot users must use virtual to bypass 3rd party bans (10 mins only no 10 years ban)  I personally use this hack.  If detected then inform as quickly as possible.  Note -(Only NonRoot users) If your game crash then you got 3rd party ban so use updated hacks. You wont get 10 years ban so don't worry.  Cheat -UNDETECTED (16/07/20)  Steps to follow -  Step 1- Download the zip file and extract it using any extractor. Step2 - Download and install apkeasytool Step3 - After successfully installation of apkeasytool open it and click on the select decompile option(small box beside brown button) and select the extracted folder Step 4 - Go to options then signer in the apkeasy tool and check 'sign apk after compile' option Step 5 - Again go back to main screen and click the compile button Step6 - after a message popup comes with 'Signing complete' click ok and click on 'compiled apk directory' Step7- copy the apk to phone and install it but REMEMBER do not use any obb file(No Copy Paste) After opening the game it would download obb file so delete previous files(its modded apk so just don't think of your 2 gb data)  Any problem dm me!  Official ReModded by Ascarre Fixes and ReMods By ME aka Ascarre are - 1. Crash problem fixed in some devices 2. No-Root support in all devices 3. Opening links crash game 4. Opening links freeze game for eternity 5. No 3rd party ban now use any esp or virtual but updated(if you don't use updated esp or hacks you can get serverbased bans link 3rd party for 10 mins but now 10- years ban guarantee) 6. Modded apk with inbuilt esp coming soon on my telegram!!! dm me for link  Official Mod By Fnmods are - 1. All antiban features except 3rd party ban 2. Annoying telegram link popsup everytime we open game and login account  Sorry i mistakenly created 2 threads with everything same. Moderatos please keep this thread deleting the other one i would update this thread only.  Download Link - File Size too big so dm me to get Telegram link or link to zippyshare upload
